JORDAN LEE: Good morning, Maya! Thanks for taking the time today. I know you're busy, so I'll keep this focused.
I wanted to show you how Forrester's AI Assistant can help you and your team get answers from our research much faster.
MAYA PATEL: Morning, Jordan. Yes, I'm definitely interested. We're paying for Forrester, but honestly, my team tells me they find it hard to navigate.
They say there's great content, but finding the right report takes too long.
JORDAN LEE: That's the most common feedback we hear, and it's exactly why we built the AI Assistant.
So instead of your team searching for documents and reading through multiple reports, they can now just ask their question directly
and get a synthesized answer with citations. Let me show you what I mean.
MAYA PATEL: Okay, I'm curious how this actually works.
JORDAN LEE: Perfect. I'm sharing my screen now. Can you see the Forrester platform?
MAYA PATEL: Yes, I've got it.
JORDAN LEE: Great. So this is the AI Assistant interface - see this search bar at the top?
I'm going to ask a question that's relevant to your digital strategy work.
Let me type: "What are the key trends in digital customer experience for 2026?"
I'm hitting enter now... and you'll see it takes about five to ten seconds to analyze all the relevant research
and generate a response. Here we go.
Okay, look at this response. The AI has identified four major trends:
AI-powered personalization at scale, conversational commerce, privacy-first experience design, and omnichannel orchestration.
But notice - it's not just listing trends. For each one, it's explaining what it means, why it matters,
and how companies are implementing it. And see these citations throughout?
Every claim links back to the specific Forrester report and even the specific section where that information comes from.
MAYA PATEL: So it's actually reading the reports and synthesizing information across multiple sources?
JORDAN LEE: Exactly right. This answer is pulling from six different Forrester reports - you can see them listed at the bottom.
The AI understands the content, identifies patterns across our research, and synthesizes it into a coherent answer.
If I click on this citation here... see? It takes you directly to that paragraph in the original report.
You're not starting at page one of a forty-page document.
MAYA PATEL: That's really helpful. So what about follow-up questions? Like, what if I want to dig deeper on one of these trends?
JORDAN LEE: Great question. The AI is conversational, so you can ask follow-ups and it maintains context.
Watch this - I'm going to ask: "Tell me more about AI-powered personalization. What are the specific use cases?"
See how it understood that I'm asking about the first trend from the previous answer?
It's now giving me specific use cases: predictive product recommendations, dynamic content adaptation,
behavioral trigger automation, and personalized pricing strategies. Each with examples and citations.
This is the power of conversational research - you can drill down naturally without starting over each time.
MAYA PATEL: Okay, this is actually impressive. But I need to ask about accuracy.
How do I know the AI isn't making things up or misinterpreting the research?
JORDAN LEE: Critical question, and we've been obsessive about this. First, the AI only uses actual Forrester research -
it's not trained on the general internet. It can only answer based on content we've published.
Second, every substantive claim has a citation that you can verify immediately.
Third, if you ask something outside Forrester's coverage area, the AI explicitly tells you
"We don't have research on this topic" rather than trying to fake an answer.
MAYA PATEL: What happens if there's conflicting information in different reports?
JORDAN LEE: Another great question. The AI is trained to recognize disagreement or different perspectives.
Let me show you. I'll ask: "What's the best pricing model for SaaS products?"
Look at how it handles this. It says "Forrester research identifies multiple pricing approaches, each suited to different contexts."
Then it lays out usage-based pricing, tiered subscription, value-based pricing, and freemium models -
explaining the advantages and tradeoffs of each with citations. It's not giving you a false sense of certainty
when there isn't one clear answer. Instead, it's helping you understand the decision landscape.
MAYA PATEL: I appreciate that nuance. That actually makes me trust it more.
JORDAN LEE: That's exactly the reaction we want. The AI is designed to make you more informed, not to make decisions for you.
Now, let me show you one more thing that your team will love - comparative analysis.
I'll ask: "Compare the leading marketing automation platforms for mid-market B2B companies."
The AI automatically formats this as a comparison table because it understood the question type.
You're seeing the major players, their strengths, weaknesses, and ideal customer profiles -
all linked to our Wave evaluations and vendor assessments. This kind of analysis would normally take someone
hours to compile manually, and now it's done in seconds.
MAYA PATEL: This would save my team so much time. How do we actually get access to this?
JORDAN LEE: It's an add-on to your existing Forrester subscription. For your organization size,
we're looking at about forty-five thousand annually, which gives all your users unlimited access.
When you break down the ROI - if each person saves even just three hours a month,
you're looking at a ten-to-one return on that investment.
MAYA PATEL: That math makes sense. What's the implementation process like?
JORDAN LEE: Super straightforward. Once you sign the agreement, we activate it within three to five business days.
All your existing users will see the AI Assistant the next time they log in - no separate login, no new system to learn.
We provide training resources and I'd schedule a live session with your team to show them best practices.
You could have everyone up and running within two weeks.
MAYA PATEL: And there's support if we have questions or issues?
JORDAN LEE: Absolutely. You'll still have me as your customer success manager, plus our support team is available via email and chat.
Average response time is under two hours for any issues. We also have an AI Assistant user community
where people share tips and use cases.
MAYA PATEL: Okay, I'm definitely interested. What are the next steps?
JORDAN LEE: I'll send you a detailed proposal today with pricing, implementation timeline, and some case studies
from similar companies. I can also set up a demo for your broader team if you want others to see this in action
before making the decision. Does that work?
MAYA PATEL: Yes, that sounds perfect. Let me review the proposal, and I'll probably want to show this to my VP
and a few of my team leads. Can we schedule that broader demo for next week?
JORDAN LEE: Absolutely. I'll send some time options in my follow-up email. And Maya, if any questions come up
as you're reviewing, just reach out directly. I'm here to help.
MAYA PATEL: Great, thanks Jordan. This was really helpful.
JORDAN LEE: My pleasure. Talk soon!